Rename boxplot's tick label parameter (#27901)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/deprecations/27901-TS.rst

``boxplot`` tick labels
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This has been renamed to *tick_labels* for clarity and consistency with`~.Axes.bar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter *labels* has been renamed to *tick_labels* for clarity and consistency
with `~.Axes.bar`.
```
